Fix a bug about failure to add metrics of multi KV store (#2837)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

> * [BUGFIX] Ingester: Flushing chunks via `/flush` endpoint could previously lead to panic, if chunks were already flushed before and then removed from memory during the flush caused by `/flush` handler. Immediate flush now doesn't cause chunks to be flushed again. Samples received during flush triggered via `/flush` handler are no longer discarded. #2778

Reviewer: Can you add a `[CHANGE]` entry as well explaining the new label behaviour on metrics on the KV store.

Author: I added a `[CHANGE]` log that explain the `role` label to CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Prometheus upgraded. #2849
  * Fixed unknown symbol error during head compaction

> * [BUGFIX] Fixed a bug about failure to add metrics of multi KV store. #2837

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] KV:  Fixed a bug that triggered a panic due to metrics being registered with the same name but different labels when using a `multi` configured KV client. #2837
```

Author: Thanks!
I rewrote the change log with the your suggested log.
